First Paragraph:

3...! 2...! 1...! Happy New Year!
The confetti fell and Alvin and his friends stayed up the rest of the night to watch the sun rise on a new year!
Just like that we transitioned from 2019 to 2020 fraught with excitement for what was to come.
Alvin had a feeling, this is going to be his year! He was set to finish high school and couldn't wait to go on to college.
Born and raised in Ontario, Canda he was excited to leave the country for his first time and head to his new home for the next 4 years, Madison, WI. 
And then the Global Pandemic began and shook the world. With so much uncertainty and doubt, Alvin struggled getting used to this new normal.
Little did he know the pandemic was just the beginning.
Here's what happened to next...

Second Paragraph:
Alvin didn't know what to expect when moving into his new dorm room. 
Since he hadn't had prior communication with his roommate, he was eager to see if they would be friends or not. 
He spent the next few hours rearranging things in the room, making sure that everything was in place. 
Seeking approval from his new roommate, he wanted to make sure that everything was in order before their first meeting. 
Suddenly, he heard a knock on the door. 
Peering out the peephole, he didn't recognize the tall dark figure standing outside. 
It didn't look like the pictures that he had seen of his roommate, Sam, on Instagram. 
He slowly opened the door to find two large men standing in hazmat suits, which was quite unexpected for Alvin. 
Before he could even think, these men took him away to what he would now call his new home.

Third Paragraph:
The men quickly shoved a mask over Alvin's face before taking him downstairs into a large bus with dozens of other students already onboard. As he sat there in terror and confusion, he wondered why they were moving the students away, he knew of the pandemic, but he thought that the college was supposed to be safe- they promised they had a plan to keep them all safe. As Alvin arrived at a large stadium filled with tents, he finally got an explanation for why they had taken him and the others away. Someone on there floor who had moved in early had tested positive that very moment, and with the bathrooms, everyone on the floor was a high risk to keep around. Alvin was told that he, along with the others on his floor who had already moved in, would be staying in that stadium for the next two weeks without being allowed to leave. While shocked and disappointed, Alvin decided to view this unconventionally, he saw it as college could not get any worse than this, so college would only get better from that point.
